# storety
Storery is client server application allowing users to store encrypted secrets and access them from multiple devices.

## Usage
### Server
The Storety server's configuration can be customized through command-line flags or environmental variables. Here's a breakdown of the available configuration options:

- **Service Address (`-a` or `RUN_ADDRESS`)**: Specifies the address and port where the Storety server will be hosted. The default value is `:8081`.

- **PostgreSQL URI (`-d` or `DATABASE_URI`)**: Sets the URI for connecting to the PostgreSQL database. The default value is an empty string.

- **JWT Authentication Key (`-j` or `JWT_AUTH_KEY`)**: Provides the key used for JWT token authentication. The default value is `defaultAuthKey`.

- **JWT Authentication Lifetime (`-l` or `JWT_LIFETIME_HOURS`)**: Determines the lifetime of the JWT authentication token in hours. The default value is `24`.

- **JWT Refresh Token Lifetime (`-r` or `JWT_REFRESH_LIFETIME_HOURS`)**: Sets the lifetime of the JWT refresh token in hours. The default value is `48`.

- **TLS Certificate File (`-c` or `TLS_CERT_FILE`)**: Specifies the path to the TLS certificate file. The default value is `cert.pem`.

- **TLS Key File (`-k` or `TLS_KEY_FILE`)**: Specifies the path to the TLS key file. The default value is `key.pem`.

### Client

To use the app user needs to provide the certificate generated by the server and the server address in a yaml config.
Minimal config example:

```yaml
service_address: "localhost:8081
```

To run cli client use build the binary and run:
```shell
client shell
```
